[DOC] Change APM to service graph view (#2122)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/metrics-generator/service-graph-view.md

---
title: Service graph view
menuTitle: Service graph view
aliases:
- /docs/tempo/latest/metrics-generator/app-performance-mgmt
weight: 200
---

# Service graph view

> Grafana's service graph view utilizes metrics generated by the metrics-generator to display span request rates, error rates, and durations, as well as service graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana's service graph view utilizes metrics generated by the metrics-generator (or Grafana Agent) to display span request rates, error rates, and durations, as well as service graphs.
```

---
title: Service graph view
menuTitle: Service graph view
aliases:
- /docs/tempo/latest/metrics-generator/app-performance-mgmt
weight: 200
---

# Service graph view

> The service graph view visualizes the span metrics (traces data for rates, error rates, and durations (RED)) and service graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana's service graph view utilizes metrics generated by the metrics-generator to display span request rates, error rates, and durations, as well as service graphs.
```

Once the requirements are set up, this pre-configured view is immediately available.

Using the service graph view, you can:

* Discover spans which are consistently erroring and the rates at which they occur
* Get an overview of the overall rate of span calls throughout your services
* Determine how long the slowest queries in your service take to complete
* Examine all traces that contain spans of particular interest based on rate, error and duration values (RED signals)

<p align="center"><img src="../../getting-started/assets/apm-overview.png" alt="Service graph view"></p>

## Requirements

You have to enable span metrics and service graph generation on the Grafana backend so metrics that are generated as traces are ingested.

To use the service graph view, you need:

* Tempo or Grafana Cloud Traces with either 1) the metrics generator enabled and configured or 2) the Grafana Agent enabled and configured to send data to a Prometheus-compatible metrics store
* [Services graphs]({{< relref "../metrics-generator/service_graphs/#how-to-run" >}}), which are enabled by default in Grafana

> * [Span metrics table enabled](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/tempo/) within the service graph tab

Reviewer: Let's leave this for a separate PR, but I think this is going away now that we've eliminated the feature toggle

Author: Actaully, I think that would come out entirely since APM table will be enabled by default, right?

> * [Span metrics table enabled](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/tempo/) within the service graph tab

Author: ```suggestion
```

* [Span metrics]({{< relref "../metrics-generator/span_metrics/#how-to-run" >}}) enabled in your Tempo data source configuration

> The service graph view can be generated with the metrics-generator or Grafana Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service graph view can be derived from metrics generated by either Tempo's metrics-generator or by the Grafana Agent.
```
